README.md, before:

# module1-challenge

## Description

<!-- Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:

- What was your motivation?
- Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.")
- What problem does it solve?
- What did you learn? -->

The goal with this repository is to improve the accessibility of a social media marketing webpage from Horiseon. Accessibility is extremely important, to not only be inclusive to all members of society but also for businesses to ensure that they able to reach a wider client base. Additionally, there can be legal implications if disabled people cannot access a site so there is even more incentive for companies to make their content fully accessible. 


<!-- ## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license) -->

<!-- ## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running. -->

## Usage

<!-- Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ``` -->

## Credits

<!-- List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well. -->

## License

Please refer to the LICENSE in the repo.

Commit message:

updated README file and added screenshot file

README.md, after:

# module1-challenge

## Description

The goal with this repository is to improve the accessibility of a social media marketing webpage from Horiseon. Accessibility is extremely important, to not only be inclusive to all members of society but also for businesses to ensure that they able to reach a wider client base. Additionally, there can be legal implications if disabled people cannot access a site so there is even more incentive for companies to make their content fully accessible. 

I have acheived this by adding alt text to all the images, including background images using aria-label. Along with this I have updated the html semantics to make the page flow much easier to understand.

## Usage

This website can be used for social media marketing tips. Please see below screenshot of the main page.

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## Link to deployed application

https://pudders.github.io/horiseon-improving-accessibility/ 

## License

Please refer to the LICENSE in the repo.
